projects/tag_radar/index.md, before:

---
title: TagRadar
layout: project
weight: 0
---
TagRadar is a smart phone accessory that helps users to
locate objects with radio frequency tags. We employ a
directional antenna and combine signal strength readings
with headings obtained from the compass of the smart
phone. While scanning a space by waving the smart
phone, the aggregated data is presented on an on-screen
polar graph that dynamically reveals the most likely
heading of the target object. A user test showed that
users favor TagRadar and that it is both faster and has a
higher accuracy compared to using only signal strength.

<div class = "videoWrapper"><iframe src="https://player.vimeo.com/video/138178621" width="100%" height="500" frameborder="0" webkitallowfullscreen mozallowfullscreen allowfullscreen></iframe></div>

Tracking and locating objects is important in many
situations. TagRadar provides an approach to locate items with RF
and a single radio that does not require a prepared space
with beacons or similar technology.

![](<img/polished_prototype.png>)

<hr>

**Publications**   
Felix Shin, Bokyung Lee, Daniel Saakes. TagRadar: Locating Objects Using a Smart Phone Accessory Proceedings of The 2015 ACM International Joint Conference on Pervasive and Ubiquitous Computing Adjunct Proceedings. 2015

**Demos**   
Tokyo Design Week 2015, 24 Oct 2015 - 3 Nov 2015. Tokyo, Japan.   
UbiComp 2015, 7 Sept 2015 - 11 Sept 2015. Osaka, Japan.

Commit message:

sanatized the html
Please separate content from layout. That is why we have css
stylesheets.

projects/tag_radar/index.md, after:

---
title: TagRadar
layout: project
weight: 0
---
TagRadar is a smart phone accessory that helps users to locate objects with radio frequency tags. We employ a
directional antenna and combine signal strength readings with headings obtained from the compass of the smart
phone. While scanning a space by waving the smart phone, the aggregated data is presented on an on-screen
polar graph that dynamically reveals the most likely heading of the target object. A user test showed that
users favor TagRadar and that it is both faster and has a higher accuracy compared to using only signal strength.

{% include vimeo_player.html id="138178621" %}

Tracking and locating objects is important in many situations. TagRadar provides an approach to locate items with RF and a single radio that does not require a prepared space with beacons or similar technology.

![](<img/polished_prototype.png>)


**Demos**   
Tokyo Design Week 2015, 24 Oct 2015 - 3 Nov 2015. Tokyo, Japan.   
UbiComp 2015, 7 Sept 2015 - 11 Sept 2015. Osaka, Japan.
