projects/i_eng/index.md, before:

---
title: I-Eng
subtitle: An Interactive Toy for Second Language Learning
layout: project
weight: 0
---
I-Eng is an interactive toy aiming to teach new languages to young children between the ages of 3 - 5. The toy consists of a talking plush doll that interacts with tagged objects. The doll speaks sentences related to the objects that are nearby and, depending on the context, can ask the child for other related objects. In this way, both active and passive vocabulary are practiced. Through interaction with tangible objects, an unscripted narrative unfolds, resulting in natural exposure to the foreign language and a playful “learning by doing” experience. Using the accompanying storybook, caregivers can participate and aid in the learning process together with children.

<div class = "videoWrapper"><iframe src = "https://player.vimeo.com/video/138178841" width = "100%" height = "auto;" frameborder = "0" webkitallowfullscreen mozallowfullscreen allowfullscreen></iframe></div>

Play is one of the main learning activities of children. We aim to expand second language exposure to children by introducing tangible language toys to support their language learning experience.

![](<img/children_learning.png>)

<hr>

**Publications**   
Hayeon Jeong, Daniel Saakes, Uichin Lee, et al. *Demo Hour 1. I-Eng: A Toy for Second-Language Learning in Demo Hour.* January 2016 interactions: Volume 23 Issue 1, January + February 2016<br>
Hayeon Jeong, Daniel Saakes, Uichin Lee, *I-Eng: An Interactive Toy for Second Language Learning.* Ubicomp Adjunct Proceedings. 2015.

**Demos**   
Tokyo Designers Week 2015, 25 Oct 2015 - 3 Nov 2015. Tokyo, Japan.   
UbiComp 2015, 7 Sept 2015 - 11 Sept 2015. Osaka, Japan.

Commit message:

sanatized the html
Please separate content from layout. That is why we have css
stylesheets.

projects/i_eng/index.md, after:

---
title: I-Eng
subtitle: An Interactive Toy for Second Language Learning
layout: project
project: i-eng
weight: 0
---

I-Eng is an interactive toy aiming to teach new languages to young children between the ages of 3 - 5.

The toy consists of a talking plush doll that interacts with tagged objects. The doll speaks sentences related to the objects that are nearby and, depending on the context, can ask the child for other related objects. In this way, both active and passive vocabulary are practiced.

{% include vimeo_player.html id="138178841" %}


Through interaction with tangible objects, an unscripted narrative unfolds, resulting in natural exposure to the foreign language and a playful “learning by doing” experience. Using the accompanying storybook, caregivers can participate and aid in the learning process together with children.

![](img/children_learning.jpg)


Play is one of the main learning activities of children. We aim to expand second language exposure to children by introducing tangible language toys to support their language learning experience.
